Capstone Coach 1: Okay, there we go thanks Joanna.
Jim Clark: Okay, thank you.
Capstone Coach 1: Alright, so the recordings running now.
Capstone Coach 1: All right, what about.
Capstone Coach 1: Any questions about the class lecture on Tuesday.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah I.
Capstone Coach 1: think we had most of the covered on the second week lecture there and so let's then get into talking about the the homework example.
Capstone Coach 1: homework problem rather and I need to crank up if you haven't already done so, go ahead and start spire Oh well, first thing that i'm going to do is share my screen hang on.
Capstone Coach 1: Let me go back to soon here.
Capstone Coach 1: and
Capstone Coach 1: share my screen.
Capstone Coach 1: The sky should do it right.
here.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay.
Capstone Coach 1: well.
Capstone Coach 1: It says i'm sharing my screen is that right.
Capstone Coach 1: Can you see the the.
Capstone Coach 1: sort of a Python looking screen there.
Capstone Coach 1: Yes, okay okay.
Capstone Coach 1: that's funny it doesn't well it doesn't show me it because I can see it right.
Capstone Coach 1: So i'm going to.
Capstone Coach 1: Open up one of them.
Capstone Coach 1: gooey so we did it at the end of the class last time I think that's a good place to start if you're working on this homework problem and so i'm going to open and then this cold.
Capstone Coach 1: plot gooey I think it's called.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, see.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay.
Capstone Coach 1: it's in here.
Capstone Coach 1: So these are the files that are in the week to folder if you go to the week to folder.
Capstone Coach 1: And, which is this is what you'd find on the campus So if you go on the week to folder and you look at the.
Capstone Coach 1: lecture code files there's a directory there there's one file, in particular, that would be the last one that we talked about in that lecture.
Capstone Coach 1: And it's labeled as there are two versions here there's one called plot ui template you can see that up here, this is the template that choose to build this going.
Capstone Coach 1: and
Capstone Coach 1: You know if you have time, I would recommend that you go over that part of the lecture and rebuild this.
Capstone Coach 1: ui that we're going to look at right here i'm going to show you the easy way to do the homework, first of all.
Capstone Coach 1: And then I recommend that you explore beyond what we're going to look at, but this is the value of one open up in spider black goo E dot P, why now i'm going to open that up here just a second.
Capstone Coach 1: And of course the the actual homework assignment.
Capstone Coach 1: is also in week two it's here under week two assignments and i'm going to click on that you should get a picture of what we want the going to look like something like that.
Capstone Coach 1: And let me open that up a little bit, because I think this is a good place to start is this this this APP that you have in the folder plot gooey it does everything in here, except this little upper right area that i'm pointing to right here so.
Capstone Coach 1: let's go through the plot gui and you'll see what i'm talking about so i'm going back to spider and i'm going to open up that file plot gooey.
Capstone Coach 1: right there and i'd like you to do the same, I mean if you have spider open in your computer, this would be good, because, basically, I think, by the time we get through here, you may have your homework done okay I don't want to make it too easy, but this is not really a.
Capstone Coach 1: I you know you should be able to do this homework assignment about an hour.
Capstone Coach 1: And so, here we go we're opening up this block.
Capstone Coach 1: right here.
Capstone Coach 1: And i'm going to going to make the image, a little larger so be easier for you to see what's going on.
Capstone Coach 1: I hope you could see that.
Capstone Coach 1: All right.
Capstone Coach 1: Make that little bigger is, can you read that code on my screen, or is it too small for you okay great Elizabeth all right.
Good.
Capstone Coach 1: hands up today.
Capstone Coach 1: i'm going to start wearing a hat I like that hat Richard.
Capstone Coach 1: You know that's what the you can do with these online services, you get real goofy right i'm going to start getting goofy because I feel like going crazy we're in these stupid masks and at least now i'm got the space shield that I they're letting me wearing class and.
Capstone Coach 1: Jim was there, so he can back me up on this there's plenty of room and class.
Capstone Coach 1: And you may hear me refer to it as healthy distance instead of social distance and Mexico, they don't call it social distance that because there's nothing social about it.
Capstone Coach 1: So in Mexico, the translation is healthy distance or sanitary distances you'll see it in there, so.
Capstone Coach 1: what's the goop day you've got to you've got a.
Capstone Coach 1: stowaway oh my God what a cute kid how old is he.
Gupta, Satyam: Yes.
Gupta, Satyam: won the moon's.
yeah kid.
Gupta, Satyam: On this up tonight so.
Capstone Coach 1: He looks like a one year old.
Gupta, Satyam: When he was like almost an hour muskie so he's catching up.
Capstone Coach 1: wow he's got good hair like his dad good here.
that's.
Capstone Coach 1: All right, all right, what a cute kid okay.
Capstone Coach 1: We have a new kid in the family who's about.
Capstone Coach 1: Your sons are these a son.
Capstone Coach 1: Is a.
Capstone Coach 1: So young daughter, I like to show you a picture God she's cute you know unbelievable Nice, you know she's blue eyes and all that sort of thing really, really attracted little girl.
Capstone Coach 1: Anyway, distracted distracted I anybody brings a class to class we're going to have to get distracted.
Capstone Coach 1: I love these little children as long as you're not mine okay.
Capstone Coach 1: Of course i've got a daughter, who takes up a lot of my extra time.
Capstone Coach 1: What time I just so let's get started, your postpone this let's uh let's take the plot ui that we have here on our screen and let's just click run up here and see what we get, and so there is.
Capstone Coach 1: there's what you have now I don't know that I can make this any larger I think that's.
Capstone Coach 1: The gooey is there are ways to make the gooey respond to opening and closing like this, so that it will get actually gets larger or smaller.
Capstone Coach 1: As you change the gooey, but this is not one of we haven't gone that far yet, and I hope to get to that talking about how that's done maybe next week we'll see.
Capstone Coach 1: So what this does everything that we talked about in class we started out by building the upper left hand part of the grid, this is when you're looking at a gui like this, you can see it's actually a grid right.
Capstone Coach 1: So this grid the the entire canvas here is divided into a grid, so I have 1234 columns you see the the the three and four sided sneak.
Capstone Coach 1: sneak in right over here stop FAB okay.
Capstone Coach 1: And then, if you look at the number of rows i've got 123456 that separator line is a row seven and then, then the last one, where you see these these check buttons that's eight, so I have eight rows there.
Capstone Coach 1: Everything is got to go into a column or and row and so when you're designing a gui like this sometimes what you'll do is take just take a piece of paper.
Capstone Coach 1: and think about what to do you know kind of sketch out what you want it to look like and then imagine, where each one of those elements is going in terms of each element has to go into a row, and a column.
Capstone Coach 1: Now some elements can span rose or columns which means they can fill up more than one column, for example here the separator line is actually spanning four columns 123 and four sacks we spanning four columns and you can also span rose, if you like.
Capstone Coach 1: This this area we're going to put something over in the upper right over here that's your assignment right, so this is this stop that's going up here is going to span these columns these rows rather 123456 rows and also one or two columns today.
Capstone Coach 1: So if I wanted to come, all the way out here and that's what's shown in the picture i'm going to have to span two columns, this is actually two columns right here.
Capstone Coach 1: So we're gonna we're going to learn something that's very useful, which is how do you put a frame into a gooey that frame is going in right here.
Capstone Coach 1: When you put another frame into a frame there's already one frame here that's the main frame that's that's all of the space right now is the mainframe.
Capstone Coach 1: except for a few pixels on the Left and the Right and the top and the bottom little padding but all of this inside the canvas is is the mainframe you can add other frames, as many as you'd like.
Capstone Coach 1: And you can nest them so we're going to create a frame in the upper right that's formally is going to be nested within the mainframe.
Capstone Coach 1: that's where that's going to work, but for now let me show you there are some features in this APP that are you if you look at the APP the code it's long right.
Capstone Coach 1: I mean i'm going to show you this here and go back and look at this, I mean right now we're sitting that 323 rows in the version that i've got I hope it's the same one years.
Capstone Coach 1: But you can see there's a lot of code here now most of this is kind of boring stuff like plot close blood volume but notice it's all the same.
Capstone Coach 1: These are the functions that if you if you click on.
Capstone Coach 1: One of these.
Capstone Coach 1: Which is when you click on one of these you're basically requesting a plot of either the adjusted close the closing price or the volume.
Capstone Coach 1: And notice it didn't give me a fly when I click there because it says oh this symbol not found so there's some extra code to do capture that symbol missing and what happens is is if it's missing it clears it out see what it did it cleared it out or.
Karen Fireman: The question is, can.
Karen Fireman: be a reason we're not getting any canvas to show up when we click with me Let me run this because i'm not getting any canvas whatsoever, I mean it's.
Capstone Coach 1: it's trying to hear you're not getting this to show up.
Karen Fireman: Correct nothing showing up does anybody else have to say.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah know what happens is when you run spider This shows up underneath your spider screen.
Karen Fireman: But I moved it there's nothing there.
Capstone Coach 1: Do you have more than one monitor.
Capstone Coach 1: Yes, it's there okay now look I could show you on this screen, if you look in the bottom right in the you know, the list of stuff that's running.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah yeah look for like a blank page.
Karen Fireman: you're right, I feel that you're right, I had looked at it and see it now I got it Thank you.
Capstone Coach 1: If you click.
Karen Fireman: The second monitor yeah.
Capstone Coach 1: that's what I do so i'm going to like i'm gonna shut this down and then, if I rerun.
Karen Fireman: It.
Capstone Coach 1: You can see here it's running okay.
Capstone Coach 1: So in the in the eye I console the Little Red dot appears with says so i'm running on doing something and then, if I want to see the gooey I can click that this little.
Capstone Coach 1: Page part of my icon down here at the bottom and it comes to the front that's what I do Okay, so I when I started and sometimes just sticking a tricky because you may not have closed it and he's still be running and now you're trying to do it again like right now, if I click run.
Capstone Coach 1: see it disappears and nothing happens, though, is because it's still running see the red.up here and and then notice that they have this little green message and on the icon soul, and this is an indication that it's still running now when I close it.
Capstone Coach 1: you'll see that the green message goes away, and now I just have a little cursor or little invitation here and the red dot this turns to grey so I look at this stuff fit over on the right hand side to remind me whether it is or is not running.
Capstone Coach 1: And there there's a.
Karen Fireman: Green means it's not running any more red means it is running.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah if this is red something's running right So if I get run again.
Capstone Coach 1: Wait a minute.
Capstone Coach 1: You hit run there we go, you see, you see the Little Red it turned red so it's running but where is it it's behind everything so hiding, so I.
Capstone Coach 1: click down here and it brings it up and then I can move it around like that now, if I go into spider it disappears so i'm working in spider but if I click that icon it's still there.
Capstone Coach 1: Now, I do have to screen, so I can move this out of this screen and look at it, on the other one kanye and watch what's happening, but yeah you can make changes to your code now those changes will not affect the guru is running until you shut it down and then run it again.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay.
Capstone Coach 1: So let's uh let's look at this and show you some of the behavior that's programmed in here, first of all.
Capstone Coach 1: And then very top part of the code, this is where you actually in this top part, this is where you design the gooey and you'll notice the imports do include that one right, the bottom line number of.
Capstone Coach 1: that's the required import in order to bring an image.
Capstone Coach 1: And then of course we have important number 14 line 14 which brings in matt plot live, which allows us to actually produce the image and then we have.
Capstone Coach 1: T.
Capstone Coach 1: kempter tinder Okay, you know i've been debating about the the pronunciation of this cheek enter or what have you.
Capstone Coach 1: And then I read a little bit more about where this came from, and the idea was they were going to take the tk library, which is the original library.
Capstone Coach 1: That tk library is used, not just in Python but in CC sharp Java whenever you anybody's doing a good chances are they're using the tk library now, the problem with a tk library is that it's the documentation is like 160 some pages.
Capstone Coach 1: Each of the widgets that are there.
Capstone Coach 1: are complicated and difficult sometimes to figure out what to do, or what it's going to do now, if you make movies, all the time you get used to it and so it's not a big deal.
Capstone Coach 1: So I was doing this in Java some years ago and it wasn't you know you do it all the time that doesn't bother you but T the people got together somebody got together and Python and said let's make a subset of a different version of tk let's let's wrap tk in the library.
Capstone Coach 1: To make it easy for us to easier for us to do a gooey and that's where Tiki Tiki enter whether to tinker.
Capstone Coach 1: came from no I think what they wanted to do was calling kind tk tk kind, it was a little bit kinder.
Capstone Coach 1: For people to use, so my theory is that's where that where that came from, and they said well T kinder Well, no, no, no tk kinder now how about this is really cute right T kenter or painter you know.
Capstone Coach 1: So something like that is where I think that my theory is that's where the name came from so i'm going to remember it now there's a D missing but it's same idea.
Capstone Coach 1: Now so let's take a look, and we did this in class yesterday, first of all, this first this the stuff that you have at the top, right here is standard.
Capstone Coach 1: code which basically is saying Okay, I have the canvas you know, so the canvas is being passed down and this particular code it's being counted fast and we're under the name gooey wi yeah.
Capstone Coach 1: And because this is something that you don't you want to put into a class you rename it or you actually create another copy of the canvas and that copy is going to be put in this variable called G when underscore.
Capstone Coach 1: To really differentiate with change between G when, which is the original canvas that was passed in.
Capstone Coach 1: So this sort of protects the original canvas from.
Capstone Coach 1: Whatever the user is doing the user may take that original canvas and give it to somebody else and you don't want the things to get too confused right, so they may actually be pumping out more than one good all right.
Capstone Coach 1: So they may use the same canvas for both goalies, though, you have to make sure that when you're and you're going, and then the gooey that you're working on that.
Capstone Coach 1: You actually create another copy of it, and that is going to be called G when underscore.
Capstone Coach 1: The word self here period self period says this variable is going to be inside the class and will not be visible to normally be visible to people to code that's outside of the class, so the user, will not be able to normally to be able to see.
Capstone Coach 1: The variables that have self in front of them.
Capstone Coach 1: They are not exposed outside of the class but inside the class when I call a function like right here stock clothes you notice the word itself is appearing as a as the input to that function.
Capstone Coach 1: that's because I want this function to have access to all of the variables that that are identified to be inside the class and they start then with the prefix s self period.
Capstone Coach 1: Also, when I created it very oh no one will notice here, and the first thing that's doing it says self period symbol that's that entry box, the symbol entry box get.
Capstone Coach 1: Get what's in the symbol entry box if there's empty the there is no symbol so issue a warning and get out of here so you'll see here, it says warning symbol missing.
Capstone Coach 1: And it says, then it says clear all of the entries because.
Capstone Coach 1: This is just confusing and and then get out of here returned back to the main function, the main going OK.
Capstone Coach 1: So the word itself is is an indicator that you're looking at a variable that was created.
Capstone Coach 1: Inside the class only available in the class and when you call a function in a class normally the first argument you can have multiple arguments, but oftentimes you just have that one argument which is self.
Capstone Coach 1: Like you could see here, and then you can have more arguments fast, and if you want to, or you need to but it's normally you just see people passing in the variables that are within the class so.
Capstone Coach 1: plot close self Okay, and then it says self dot C set one now this turns out to be one of those buttons the cloud the button that relates to the closing plot at the bottom of the gooey self dot V is the bottom that.
Capstone Coach 1: refers to the volume, so, if you look at the ui here self dot C is talking about this closing price right here.
Capstone Coach 1: Self dot V is the volume and then self a C is the adjusted clothes and you notice what it says set one or 01 means put a checkmark on that on that box and the zero means remove it.
Capstone Coach 1: If there is one there remove it clear it so this makes sure that when I bought on when I click on one of these only that.
Capstone Coach 1: button is receives a check and if the check is in one of the other buttons it's going to be cleared.
Capstone Coach 1: So, for example, here, we will do this at IBM, and now I can click on closing price right here.
Capstone Coach 1: And there it is it comes up by the way, notice that it also shows up in the window on the right, but mainly It shows up inside the gallery, right here now, if I click on volume.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, the graph changes notice that little check on closing price disappeared.
Capstone Coach 1: So if that's the purpose of the little functions that you see down here, because what happens is, if you look up where I created these buttons and now, this is the top of the gooey here you're doing the labels right here you're doing the the injury is symbol entry.
Capstone Coach 1: and
Capstone Coach 1: notice it says tea entry, which is what Karen was asking about why the tea.
Capstone Coach 1: And I think that's because.
Capstone Coach 1: Probably T I would guess now probably tk has an entry variable and the key here is to refer to teak enter.
Capstone Coach 1: Make sure that oh we're in to enter and not in tk.
Capstone Coach 1: Oh, a lot of confusion when you start using this.
Capstone Coach 1: Now, if we go down to the buttons and you can see, this is where the separator is created row number seven that that's the line right and the column span is for saying that this separator is going to spend four columns.
Capstone Coach 1: And then down here.
Capstone Coach 1: let's see.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah here are those little check buttons been set up each check button has a variable associated with it, which is a different name than the check button itself.
Capstone Coach 1: And that you'll see it here, it says variable variable equal to, and that's the variable name that you set up, and this is an interval integer variable because you want to make it 01 binary zero meaning no checkmark one meaning checkmark.
Capstone Coach 1: And you can see, it says on value equal to one off value no check Sierra, and this is the, of course, the location God dot grid now I hope you know this little backslash backslash is is is there, so that I allows me to wrap the statement to another line.
Capstone Coach 1: And if you have a comma, and then you don't need to have the backslap slash, but if you have like a period grid, which is what this really is, you see, normally, it would look like this.
Capstone Coach 1: There right but look what happens in the state within overall you see that Gray line right here there's a Python standard that says don't go past the view can go back past degree line but.
Capstone Coach 1: Unlike the lockdown there's no consequences to complete to pass the Gray line.
Karen Fireman: But I Sir it's.
Capstone Coach 1: Another for the Convention is don't do that, so what we do is we just break it right here.
Capstone Coach 1: like that, and just move it over wherever you want.
Capstone Coach 1: And then put a backslash right there, which just says okay wrap up to the another no I like that okay.
Karen Fireman: Dr Jones i'm sorry but i'm still having trouble with this thing it's not it's not loading because it says that matt plot pipeline is not a package is there, something I need to install because.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, what does it say what do you care.
Karen Fireman: it's a module not found error know module named matt plot live plot matt five is not a package so it's not even starting this.
Capstone Coach 1: It do I have to call you'll have to show me tell me what line you're on now we're.
Karen Fireman: going to align it stops and it says when I when it's trying to import the library.
Karen Fireman: It won't do it because it doesn't seem in my environment.
Capstone Coach 1: Good I just but I suspect what it's missing, as you have do you have an error message on this import 15.
Karen Fireman: Oh it's an error message.
Karen Fireman: I don't know if it's that one but hold on one second i'm.
Capstone Coach 1: Your look at your code and spider you should see a it either.
Karen Fireman: A 12 it says on 12 from no wait a minute.
Karen Fireman: You map hotline via import matt plotlines pipeline as plt won't let me do that the error is import the air is no module named matt plot lived up high plot is map out live is not a package so do I need to install this somehow inside the environment.
Capstone Coach 1: Well that's what it's telling you.
Karen Fireman: I mean, why did we not need.
Karen Fireman: People don't need to do that.
Capstone Coach 1: No i'm I have no idea because really if you've installed, the current version of anaconda it should be there.
Capstone Coach 1: Does anybody else have a.
Karen Fireman: version and.
Swanson J, Charles Richard: know.
Karen Fireman: What.
Capstone Coach 1: You see, if you take a take a look at the current version of the version of anaconda that you're running.
Karen Fireman: So here.
Capstone Coach 1: You are you listening.
Karen Fireman: Can you hear us yes.
Capstone Coach 1: Go back to anaconda right here.
Karen Fireman: yeah I mean.
Capstone Coach 1: uh huh and then look at what version of anaconda you're running.
Karen Fireman: where's that.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, so let's see the.
Karen Fireman: The way I do it version I don't know what the version is yeah.
Karen Fireman: So I keep just load a library pip install.
Capstone Coach 1: You go if you go up to about anaconda you look at see are you looking at my screen.
Karen Fireman: I am.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, look at the upper left hand corner is just added condom that of cater go to about anaconda.
Karen Fireman: Okay, it says restore move size minimum it doesn't say about it just.
Capstone Coach 1: You click on Africa anaconda navigate around the menu comes down and that it shows about an account navigator.
Capstone Coach 1: upper left.
Karen Fireman: Okay, about OK, I see it says 1.9 point 12.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay that's what I have as well.
Capstone Coach 1: Is there so.
Karen Fireman: I could install that might help me.
Capstone Coach 1: Well let's take a look at that okay so let's go to anaconda navigator again.
Capstone Coach 1: let's go to preferences.
Karen Fireman: preferences.
Karen Fireman: Where are my preferences in the file yes preferences uh huh.
Karen Fireman: Yes, sir.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, so, is it look like mine, I suppose.
Karen Fireman: yeah pretty much I mean, I know I mean my boxes are checked differently, but I mean, I have a thing that pops up like that.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay i'm not sure that I see anything in here that would cause a problem for this okay cancel.
Capstone Coach 1: Go to environments go to this page that i'm looking at right here.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, how.
Karen Fireman: The oranges dad from i'm not in the base i'm in the one we used from the last class that we had with the summer, for you is that not good.
Capstone Coach 1: you're.
Karen Fireman: 56 when.
Capstone Coach 1: you're too close to your microphone or something.
Karen Fireman: I mean the Stat 565 when that we 60.
Swanson J, Charles Richard: parent go ahead and use the page not not the environment we created for the other class.
Karen Fireman: yeah okay.
Capstone Coach 1: So you can see my i'm using the base vironment right here.
Okay.
Capstone Coach 1: And if I look at the.
Capstone Coach 1: modules that are installed in the base environment.
Capstone Coach 1: they're listed here Alphabetically you can go down to.
Capstone Coach 1: him at.
Capstone Coach 1: right here, and it should show matt plot live version 322 that's what i'm saying and.
Capstone Coach 1: there's a man i'm at the basis 322 there are actually two entries.
Karen Fireman: i've got 313 but at least it would have something and then the base it has 313 so maybe I need to update something, but at least it'll.
Capstone Coach 1: Be oh no I mean it's there in the base right.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah so shut down.
Karen Fireman: lighter right okay.
Capstone Coach 1: shut down spider a changed to the base environment and then reopen spider.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay okay.
Capstone Coach 1: Thank you, and then you should be good to go.
Capstone Coach 1: Apparently, for some reason I but I don't know you know.
Capstone Coach 1: That should have van and your other environment, you know the one.
Karen Fireman: Who would have thought, so I should have been there, I don't know why questions there but.
Capstone Coach 1: You can of course install it in that environment.
Karen Fireman: Well, thank you, Charles for noticing and for Dr James Thank you.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah sure.
Capstone Coach 1: So.
Capstone Coach 1: Here we are we're back back to this thing and.
Capstone Coach 1: So there are the labels and.
Capstone Coach 1: I was trying to explain what was happening here with these check buttons at the bottom and how they're set up and you could see that, for each check button, there is an integer variable.
Capstone Coach 1: And that variable is either zero or one you can set it off by going set zero so it's creates the integer variable and then sets it to off which, which is zero.
Capstone Coach 1: And it does that, for each check button, it creates a variable with a different name each check button has its own variable and it's set to off to initially it no check and they are all.
Capstone Coach 1: They all have variable equal to the variable parameter here is equal to the variable, that is, they actually got the heck okay stop that.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah the variable here is equal to the variable it was created.
Capstone Coach 1: With that check but.
Capstone Coach 1: Now, in addition to that you have command equals, and this is a this says that if they do check this call this function.
Capstone Coach 1: And you see it says plot closed slot ball plot is see those were the little bitty things at the bottom here, and you can see that, when you call those it sets.
Capstone Coach 1: Like if you call apply.
Capstone Coach 1: Close it says it sets the variable associated with black close to one.
Capstone Coach 1: It sets the others to zero.
Capstone Coach 1: And you can see that same thing is done in these three cases, and then it says that the very last line call graph time series, and what that is is calling the function that actually produces the time series graph.
Capstone Coach 1: And so, if I go over here to graph time series right here.
Capstone Coach 1: You could see that it first of all gets the series.
Capstone Coach 1: This is another function get serious and what that function does is it.
Capstone Coach 1: Is it checks to see whether the series is there.
Capstone Coach 1: And back where is it say.
Okay.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah What it does is it pulls the data down from alpha vantage.
Capstone Coach 1: Get series is the function that we use and the previous gui and every gooey sense, then, to call.
Capstone Coach 1: alpha vantage weeks we you know you set up the URL for the call and then here's the result that comes in, and then we do a check to make sure that it actually came back.
Capstone Coach 1: And if it didn't come back then you issue a warning that says whoo we didn't find that symbol, and if you clear everything and return to a neutral state.
Capstone Coach 1: If it does, find it then we go about pulling out of the file, the volume the adjusted close the closing price and just for the heck of it, I pulled out, also the low and the high price, so we could have actually done a graph for the low price and the high price for each day.
Capstone Coach 1: And, but we just stuck to these first three right here so small whole bunch of information that comes back.
Capstone Coach 1: And then we create three data frames, one for the date by itself, because this is the index column.
Capstone Coach 1: date time and then one for the floating point values and one for the initial values, and then we concatenate them all together.
Capstone Coach 1: And we've set the index to that date column that's Davis actually in dfc row here.
Capstone Coach 1: I could see how that's all being done.
Capstone Coach 1: and
Capstone Coach 1: Then we get to graph time series so grab time series starts by getting the data right there getting the data and checks to see if the symbol is missing, if it is said that a warning to get out of here.
Capstone Coach 1: Actually, this was the warning would have been issued in gate series i'm not sure this isn't necessary right here, because get series as a warning that that that you know declares all the series is not there.
Capstone Coach 1: So I think this could be removed.
Capstone Coach 1: What i'm going to do here.
Capstone Coach 1: Is comment it out.
Capstone Coach 1: like this.
Capstone Coach 1: and
Capstone Coach 1: The ui is running so i'm going to shut it down.
Capstone Coach 1: And then we're going to i'm going to start up.
Capstone Coach 1: Here it is.
Capstone Coach 1: let's run a test, first with IBM make sure that that that's room working volume.
Capstone Coach 1: There it works OK, now we change that to X X, which I know doesn't work and i'm going to click volume again.
Capstone Coach 1: Up symbol not found.
Capstone Coach 1: Oh, this isn't a bogus this, this is another warning message.
Capstone Coach 1: i'm not sure where that's coming from, but you can see that it did run otherwise so simple not found and i'm getting a double warning message i'll have to.
Capstone Coach 1: check why that's happening, but at any rate.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah that's probably happening back here.
Capstone Coach 1: Oh, I know what's going on, it comes back here to say go back to graph so yeah so in this area when it doesn't find the symbol.
Capstone Coach 1: It coughs up right here returns, but where does it return to it returns to.
Capstone Coach 1: hear.
Capstone Coach 1: And continues running as if everything is okay it doesn't know that it got a bad.
Capstone Coach 1: symbol, so I need to keep that's why I need to keep this in here, I need to keep this in here so that, if it comes back from get serious with a warning I know about it and I get out of here so.
Capstone Coach 1: That is actually necessary, so I.
Capstone Coach 1: Now let's let's run the same test here.
Capstone Coach 1: let's see and there it is.
Capstone Coach 1: And so i'm going to put an x X.
Capstone Coach 1: and quick Volume I get a.
Capstone Coach 1: symbol missing thing okay that's a little that's why it's their symbol not found is issued by graphs here get serious and then symbol missing.
Capstone Coach 1: Is issued by this one right here.
Capstone Coach 1: Now what we could do is, we could we could close, we could close that out.
Capstone Coach 1: So we don't get a double warning.
Capstone Coach 1: and
Capstone Coach 1: I kind of like that that better.
Capstone Coach 1: Let me restart.
Capstone Coach 1: OK, and now, if I hit XX I should just get one morning message at see.
Capstone Coach 1: Similar civil XX not found that's it okay good so line number two to seven I would take it out or or just make it a comment statement.
Capstone Coach 1: Which is what I did so that we still have the same line numbers and then you don't get that double warning message okay let's let me quit playing around here and get down to business right so.
Capstone Coach 1: let's open up the going first thing we want to do is draw the little separator line right here and we already talked about how we did that, and then we, of course, did the did the little code for these guys right here now let's work on this upper part Okay, if you look at the assignment.
Capstone Coach 1: here.
Capstone Coach 1: No.
Capstone Coach 1: There it is this box you notice this box right here.
Capstone Coach 1: This is actually a frame.
Capstone Coach 1: So the first thing we need to do is is put this frame into our gooey will show you how you do that so.
Capstone Coach 1: All right, stay with me here just a minute tried to.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay.
Capstone Coach 1: Go back here all right, if you go down to.
Capstone Coach 1: Let me go to the top again, so this is where we're creating the gooey right, so the last thing we do at the bottom here.
Capstone Coach 1: is put in the check buttons you see all that checkbox business right so after after that that's the bottom of this is where we stop we're right now in this little.
Capstone Coach 1: version of our APP This is where we stop putting stuff on the mainframe.
Capstone Coach 1: Now we're going to create a new frame in that little upper right hand corner and it looks like this.
Capstone Coach 1: whoops so here it is so what you do is you say, given a name i'm calling this the stock frame another good name, for it would be favorite frame.
Capstone Coach 1: Of like Bob frame i'm gonna make it five frame I like that okay.
Capstone Coach 1: whoops little.
Older.
Capstone Coach 1: Of frame like that.
Capstone Coach 1: And notice what I have here five frame is is is a is a tck frame.
Capstone Coach 1: Just like mainframe it's the frame another frame, but instead of putting it on the canvas canvas you know, the thing it says good when i'm putting it on the primary frame mainframe.
Capstone Coach 1: And then I can put some padding around the frame of the bed the padding is you know what it is okay i'm gonna make it 555 Okay, I have to tell you about the.
Capstone Coach 1: 555 so that says, I got a frame here and I want to have five pixels all the way around the border okay now that's the that's the patty inside the frame, by the way.
Capstone Coach 1: So anything that goes inside that frame then inside of the frame, it will not be able to get within five pixels so the end of the border left right top bottom.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay.
Capstone Coach 1: Now, you see, where it says relief sunken you don't need to have that in there, but i'll show you what happens if you don't OK now i'm going to just.
Capstone Coach 1: change this to I don't know flat, I think, is the word.
Capstone Coach 1: like that, and then you see you, it says border with equal to five that's describing that you're going to put a border around the stream and that's just that's how why that borders, going to be.
Capstone Coach 1: Now let me run this and show you what happens with it as it is and.
Capstone Coach 1: I think I did, I think that ran.
Capstone Coach 1: Oh wait a minute I need to restart.
Capstone Coach 1: run.
Capstone Coach 1: All right.
Capstone Coach 1: Nothing.
Capstone Coach 1: that's because it's flat.
Capstone Coach 1: With you use the relief equal to flat you don't see anything but the frame is there, believe me, so we can actually put stuff in that frame.
Capstone Coach 1: Just as if it was a new going a new mainframe and we could put buttons and labels and there were sort of thing in there and we would you would refer to it as as the fat frame now let's close this and make relief sunken.
Capstone Coach 1: like that and i'm going to rewind going to rerun it and whoa cool so now, you see the border because that's sunken so it looks like it's a little swimming pool or something.
Capstone Coach 1: And this black line you see here, believe it or not, that's five pixels Okay, let me show you some what might happen here let's change the border with from five to let's say 50.
Capstone Coach 1: And rerun it.
Capstone Coach 1: see what happens.
Capstone Coach 1: whoo yeah I agree that what I wanted, but if you like, that effect, you can certainly do that right, so that five that we have there that is controlling how.
Capstone Coach 1: Gray, or how big this border is known as the border goes, all the way around there's a light part and then there's a great part dark Gray part right there, so if you play with that if five looks kind of Okay, I mean we could put it as three let's see what three looks like.
Capstone Coach 1: So there's always a little okay that's pretty cool that's okay yeah that's all right three or five that's good.
Capstone Coach 1: What you see in the homework solution is five so i'm going to go back to buy.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, so we will do exactly what we have the assignment.
Capstone Coach 1: Now the next line you see it says five afraid grid now the grid is a procedure you.
Capstone Coach 1: Call it's like a style.
Capstone Coach 1: procedure, it says Okay, this is where I want you to put this frame.
Capstone Coach 1: So I want another frame is going on top of mainframe.
Capstone Coach 1: But you have to refer to the column in the row and mainframe that you want to put it on so notice it says column three row one, so if I were run the see right here okay.
Capstone Coach 1: column 3123 row one is right here.
Capstone Coach 1: So the upper left hand corner is going here column three row one right there.
Capstone Coach 1: And then notice what happens it.
Capstone Coach 1: says row span six oh you i'm going to start at one, but you want me to go six rows 1234 you know, five and six, so it comes on the way down to here.
Capstone Coach 1: Now, if I said seven they were it have a conflict because the separator is right here, it would it would cross over that little separator line so you have a hard time, seeing it but there's actually a little line right there.
Capstone Coach 1: And then.
Capstone Coach 1: It says sticky north west east, south, it says drive from this upper left hand corner Northwest to the lower right se.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, so that's what the sticky there is is all about God, you know I noticed that it also says column span is equal to.
two.
Capstone Coach 1: And so it's going from column for two column five.
Capstone Coach 1: column for one to three to four excuse me starts in column three and goes to call them for so the columns span and for a frame the column span of the row span are really important because it sort of tells the code how big are you going to make that frame.
Capstone Coach 1: So this.
question.
Capstone Coach 1: Is a question.
Yes.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay yeah.
Gupta, Satyam: Yes, yes, yes, so what's the difference between placing these this second frame on a previous frame versus previous canvas or like the main canvas right.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay i'm not sure i'm understanding what you said, can you can you do that again a little bit louder.
Gupta, Satyam: Yes, please.
Gupta, Satyam: I was asking what is the difference between putting this second frame on the mainframe or on the main canvas What is the difference.
Capstone Coach 1: You could put it on the main canvas you could do that but, and that works if you're going to have two frames that are side by side.
Capstone Coach 1: or two frames that are one on top of the other that you could do it that way okay.
Capstone Coach 1: But I use this approach put it on, and on top of the frame because the the firm when I initially drew the the mainframe it was over the entire canvas.
Capstone Coach 1: So if you if you wanted to use your approach Well, first of all you're going to have a little trouble with the with the closing price on the volume here right because this this frame is not covered the entire area, the canvas on the right hand side.
Gupta, Satyam: yeah I guess this clarifies it Okay, I understood now because the mainframe or sorry the main canvas was 650 600 or 500 pixels so okay I.
Capstone Coach 1: know that answers it and you can do what you want to do, but you and, in some cases that's the right thing to do, by the way right, so we could have you know, we could have had one frame up here at the top and then another frame at the bottom.
Capstone Coach 1: That might actually be a better solution.
Capstone Coach 1: So you put mainframe up here at the.
Capstone Coach 1: Top right, and then you put the plot frame below it that might be a better solution.
Capstone Coach 1: you'd still end up with a mainframe up here, where you wanted to put a.
Capstone Coach 1: companion frame right to the side of it, and you know, so you could have three frames one year one year and one down here all on the canvas.
Capstone Coach 1: But so it's just another way of doing it right.
Gupta, Satyam: This clarifies it Thank you.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah yeah.
Capstone Coach 1: Good question.
Okay.
Capstone Coach 1: So that's how we created a frame and now we can put anything in there that we want well, the first thing we want to put in, is one of these little buttons.
Capstone Coach 1: check back so what i'm going to do is i'm going to copy, one of the check button this right here.
Capstone Coach 1: yep and the beaches that's the check button for adjusted close i'm just going to copy that and i'm going to put it directly blown here like that except well it's not going to be the check button it's going to be IBM.
Capstone Coach 1: that's our one of our test favorites right and instead of saying self a sequel to iron T whatever.
Capstone Coach 1: i'm just going to call this view well let's see hang on, let me go back and use that.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah yeah OK OK OK.
Capstone Coach 1: i'm going to call it s one.
Capstone Coach 1: And i'm going to say yes one set.
Capstone Coach 1: And i'm going to say.
Capstone Coach 1: Now here, you have to give it a different name but you can't this is, this is a check button, so one is a variable So this is the check button, then for the check button i'm going to call it sc one.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay.
Capstone Coach 1: See see what.
Capstone Coach 1: color whatever i'm using the one here, because this is the first item on my list it's going to be the IBM thing now the variable name has to be changed to s one Okay, of course.
Capstone Coach 1: And now the command, I want to, I want to go sell something.
Capstone Coach 1: Whether they use my solution for that I use something called stock one yeah.
Capstone Coach 1: stock one.
Capstone Coach 1: So there, there are about six or seven of these that we're going to do the first one is IBM, and what we're just going to number them so that that way if I wanted to change the.
Capstone Coach 1: The the you know, the symbol that i'm using or whatever from IBM to something else I can do that by just changing this IBM right there.
Capstone Coach 1: Now where's it going right now it's going in column to row eight now nope nope let's make that column one row one because i'm not using Ray mainframe i'm going to use of.
Capstone Coach 1: frame like that so we're using the different frame when we're not on a frame, so this row one column one refers to the you know this this frame full frame.
That.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah okay all right so.
Capstone Coach 1: let's close make sure we closed down what we've done and we're going to run it now and see what happens.
Capstone Coach 1: oops.
Capstone Coach 1: Oh, oh yeah.
Capstone Coach 1: I got an error is.
Capstone Coach 1: stuck gui object, as new attributes stock one, in other words, this function does not exist, so we actually have to create that function and what we can do is, we can just put it right down here call a D.
Capstone Coach 1: stock one.
Capstone Coach 1: Self.
Capstone Coach 1: Golan fall like that, and then put us come in here this.
Capstone Coach 1: creates.
Capstone Coach 1: The information for the first stock okay.
Capstone Coach 1: And that that stock in particular is IBM so.
Capstone Coach 1: hang on here.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, there we go.
Capstone Coach 1: i'm going to take this out for just right now, but you can see what it does, it says, basically, it says set this stock to checked.
Capstone Coach 1: Set the symbol entry remember self symbol is the entry for the symbol set the symbol, the stocks self stocks zero now.
Capstone Coach 1: Oh.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah there's a little bit of a funky thing I did here.
Capstone Coach 1: Before I created this check button.
Capstone Coach 1: I created a list, right here, of all the stocks self that stock.
Capstone Coach 1: equals and then I just put a list here, IBM.
Capstone Coach 1: A PL for apple.
Capstone Coach 1: and so forth, I actually have about eight of them, I think, on the gui.
Capstone Coach 1: That are there and so here, it says set the symbol to the first entry that's zero and then call a function called stock Stat now this function basically creates all of the the information for the stock puts it in that the top five rows right.
Capstone Coach 1: So let me show you what that looks like sucks that.
Capstone Coach 1: sucks that brother.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay.
Capstone Coach 1: So basically.
Capstone Coach 1: This function.
Capstone Coach 1: populates the entire.
Capstone Coach 1: group gooey.
Capstone Coach 1: i'm going to go back here i'm going to i'm going to turn off that call for just right now called don't call it okay.
Capstone Coach 1: So let's just run what we have and see what happens.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, so.
Capstone Coach 1: that's what you get you see, I don't know if you could see that, but it says, IBM and it's it's not you didn't do it right, because I started it with a.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, while the other one was running, you can see that there's the right thing, so now, you can see, IBM is in the frame and where is it it's in the upper left hand corner, because I said column one row on that's going to be the upper left hand corner here.
Capstone Coach 1: And then, if I wanted another one of these i'd have to have like I apple in there let's let me show you what for that what we do is, we would just take.
Capstone Coach 1: This part right here, where it says sc.
Capstone Coach 1: One or s one rather IBM.
Capstone Coach 1: and
Capstone Coach 1: i'm going to make call this this too.
Capstone Coach 1: See two I think instead of IBM right here, I think what I would do is, I would just use this stock list, right here so i'm going to say sell stocks oops.
Capstone Coach 1: zero.
Capstone Coach 1: That would be IBM and then here.
Capstone Coach 1: It would just be self stocks one like that.
Capstone Coach 1: So you could you could get the get the idea you just create this list, and I think the third one is Microsoft m s.
Capstone Coach 1: Microsoft.
FT.
Karen Fireman: SDP F like frank, do you like Thomas.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, great.
Karen Fireman: You got DDT tell ya.
Capstone Coach 1: If you're not sure sure what the symbols would should be just Google it stock symbol for whatever.
Capstone Coach 1: you'll get.
Karen Fireman: that you have a D there.
Karen Fireman: it's not right yeah MSF D, you need MSF tea Thomas.
Karen Fireman: No, no tea Thomas not see Charles.
Wright, Elizabeth Harrison: Okay tango.
Karen Fireman: yep.
You got it.
Capstone Coach 1: Good.
Capstone Coach 1: All right.
Capstone Coach 1: So.
Capstone Coach 1: Now it's the command here is going to stock one I would actually have to make this a stock two or something like that, but i'm just going to leave at stock one right now, and so you get the idea.
Capstone Coach 1: So if we run this as it is.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay.
Capstone Coach 1: Oh, I get an error, they should have been stocks plural.
Capstone Coach 1: corresponding to the list name stocks.
Capstone Coach 1: run it again.
Capstone Coach 1: and
Capstone Coach 1: Actually run into it probably running has the other one in the background, there oh.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, so what happened, IBM well what happened was I didn't change the room number, so I have column one row on it should be column one row to.
Capstone Coach 1: like that.
Capstone Coach 1: And you run it again.
Capstone Coach 1: There you go.
Capstone Coach 1: Now, if I click on either one of these like a ppl, though, is still coming and they're always coming up IBM right and notice that both of them are checked, so what happened there is.
Capstone Coach 1: This.
Karen Fireman: Both in stock one is that make a difference on line 130.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah well that's why because I didn't want to you see this function, right here stock one, there would be a stock to.
Capstone Coach 1: throw you in slack to you would say sets, as you know, instead of saying set as one you would set as to.
Capstone Coach 1: The.
Capstone Coach 1: And instead of getting stocks zero you'd get stocks one if you following me on that, so there, there needs to be for each of these PENA that there's probably a more efficient way to do this, and in fact i'm sure there is but.
Capstone Coach 1: When you're lazy it's just easy to cut and paste like this, and this would be to, and this would be one like that okay.
Capstone Coach 1: So you with me, yes.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay.
Capstone Coach 1: So, and now now, it will it should behave a little better if, after I made those changes and you'll see that.
Capstone Coach 1: It was still going to come up IBM because it's because i'll show you why.
Capstone Coach 1: Close close that.
Capstone Coach 1: Because both have written we're using this one, and if I needed to change this to see us to right here.
Capstone Coach 1: In order to keep that from happening.
Capstone Coach 1: But so now we're your word calling Oh, and here it says stock one I need to make that spock to like that.
Capstone Coach 1: That so it's calling this ones that have that one, you know that sort of business.
Capstone Coach 1: Now i'm going to i'm going to kayden leave the rest of it to you i'll give you some let me talk about this, and just sort of give you some hints on this, so at this point.
Capstone Coach 1: What we have is we have after you finish this for all of the stocks you're going to have a list of them right here you're going to have all the checkboxes right in here.
Capstone Coach 1: But now comes the coding part and there a couple of tricks one is i'd like to have the centered over here, somewhere, the show you how you do that.
Capstone Coach 1: When we created the frame.
Capstone Coach 1: The the padding is 5555 hey let's put 50 let's put 50 spaces on the left hand side like that.
Capstone Coach 1: 55 five, well then, oh.
Capstone Coach 1: Maybe I should use 55 I don't know so it's kind of a funky way but do this but it works on this particular case, you can see what's happening.
Capstone Coach 1: it's probably a better way to do it.
Capstone Coach 1: I just put a little 50 in there and i'm lose everything over now now let's talk about the hard part Okay, the hard part is.
Capstone Coach 1: it's not the hard part it's the coding part really when you click on one of these what's supposed to happen is all of the the the symbol should appear right here in that first box.
Capstone Coach 1: And then, all of the the information for the symbol closing price previous all this information should appear in the the boxes below it.
Capstone Coach 1: And then.
Capstone Coach 1: If any of.
Capstone Coach 1: These I think of what I did was I just automatically.
Capstone Coach 1: chose closing price as the default graph and I put that right here.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, so when you click on this right now well all it does is put the symbol there right.
Capstone Coach 1: But now you need to fill in everything else.
Capstone Coach 1: How does that happen well, you have the code already there and different place different areas if I click on this button.
Capstone Coach 1: see that happens.
Capstone Coach 1: So look at the function for the button and call it when you when right in here, you know where it says stock one I just decided to to create a generic function called stock price or stock status see that.
Capstone Coach 1: A generic function called starts that now that'll that's going to come in that's going to be a new function it'll be under here and i'll put in here and the.
Capstone Coach 1: This is the function it's it's a lot of small one.
Capstone Coach 1: That self.
Capstone Coach 1: Like that Okay, so this function.
Capstone Coach 1: Basically.
Capstone Coach 1: produce.
Capstone Coach 1: The entries.
Capstone Coach 1: For the price button.
Capstone Coach 1: and
Capstone Coach 1: A graph door to scrap DS grab for clothes like that so that's what basically what you want to do here and you might.
Capstone Coach 1: wonder.
Capstone Coach 1: How come i'm getting an error there oh it's going to give me an error until I do something, right here, but something there um.
Karen Fireman: DAS.
Capstone Coach 1: Yes, Karen go ahead.
Karen Fireman: You can put pass.
Capstone Coach 1: What.
Karen Fireman: will pass will prevent the error on and it won't do anything but it will prevent the error.
Capstone Coach 1: there's an error, I mean what is it what is it you want me to do.
Capstone Coach 1: i'm sorry I don't understand.
Karen Fireman: it's okay go ahead i'm sorry.
Okay.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah that error that little red think it comes to their until you put something in the in here like print Hello.
Capstone Coach 1: say.
Capstone Coach 1: There goes away it's just telling me that hey you didn't put anything in that function there's no there's nothing there.
Capstone Coach 1: So I take this that's that's why you're getting the red X so soon as you start coding here, let me find so what am I going to put here well first thing i'm going to put here is.
Capstone Coach 1: Basically, I want to populate the.
Capstone Coach 1: All this information, so, if you look at the button for price it cause a function and that function produces this information right.
Capstone Coach 1: So that would be one of the first things that you want to put here is a basically a call to that other function.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, and.
Capstone Coach 1: And then you will have a call to produce the time series and that call.
Capstone Coach 1: You know you put the time see that's the same thing as checking on this box right here, you check on that box boom.
Capstone Coach 1: So you you basically what you're doing is when I check check this box IBM.
Capstone Coach 1: first thing I want to do is it's clear any other clearly any of the others in the list that might be already checked.
Capstone Coach 1: And then, what i'm going to do is i'm going to call this same function that this button calls right here.
Capstone Coach 1: And then, what i'm going to do is call the same function i'm going to check this box, make sure all of these other boxes are cleared.
Capstone Coach 1: check this box and then call the same function that produces that graph right here.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay.
Capstone Coach 1: that's what she so that's where you are right now with that.
Capstone Coach 1: and
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, so I think that's about, but as far as I wanted to go.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah so my version of that Stat thing it's not so bad it's about I don't know 100 lines something like that.
Capstone Coach 1: So, because you already have the code there and other places and you're just calling that other code.
Capstone Coach 1: When you know you're calling the same code that price button calls and then the same code that is called when you click on one of these buttons click on that button.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, now, of course, if I click on volume like that notice what happens it.
Capstone Coach 1: clears it out, or if I click on the chose to price, it does clears it out for it with IBM.
Capstone Coach 1: Now, right now, if I click on apple notice it doesn't clear the IBM button you want it, you want it does put the aapl up here in the symbol area.
Capstone Coach 1: It didn't clear the apple of the IBM, so you need to you know when that function.
Capstone Coach 1: What is it what are we calling it stocks that will not function is called the first thing needs to do is to clear all the other items in this list.
Capstone Coach 1: And then hit them then basically hit the price button and then hit the closing price for that particular and notices picking up apple Inc and then, if I hit the price it'll change over to private apple like that so.
Capstone Coach 1: All of those features are working, you just need to when you click over here, you need to make make use of that.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, any questions before we say goodnight.
Karen Fireman: Yes, Sir, if you get a chance, I really need help getting the map plot line to work it doesn't work at all I.
Capstone Coach 1: tried OK now i'm having a little trouble hearing yeah they can maybe get your MIC a little closer, something that may be me Okay, I just have problems with certain.
Swanson J, Charles Richard: You know i'm this is Charles karen's having trouble getting her matt plot lab to execute.
Capstone Coach 1: The live matt plot live videos you're having trouble getting it to execute.
Karen Fireman: Yes, yes, well, I tried everything everybody said I read restarted everything I went to the.
Capstone Coach 1: Basic okay what you what you what you should do at this point what advice would do would be to go back to the lecture notes for week two and in particular.
Capstone Coach 1: Let me open this up for you okay go to file open and you want to look at it says math plot template open that up math block template and here we go and.
Capstone Coach 1: This is the template for math lot obviously right and what you should do is notice that the math lot live is important, is in there, and all that roughness and.
Capstone Coach 1: What you should Well, first of all let me reset everything okay restart the Colonel.
Capstone Coach 1: we're working on a different Program.
Capstone Coach 1: OK, and now run it.
Karen Fireman: I get the same error, sir.
Capstone Coach 1: I did, that if you if you run it.
Karen Fireman: What does not run it all same error.
Capstone Coach 1: What is the error.
Karen Fireman: It says module not found error know module named matt plotline maybe I can share my screen at some point when when the.
Capstone Coach 1: wall what is she is complaining about the environment is.
Karen Fireman: Yes, it is, but i've tried to redo it several times, I just don't think i'll be able to do the homework, if I can't get your help, maybe later.
Capstone Coach 1: Did you are you, you did you restart spider.
Karen Fireman: Everything five times.
Capstone Coach 1: So and you're on the base you're on the base environment.
Karen Fireman: yep switch that.
Capstone Coach 1: Did you go and to the environment and look for matt plot.
Karen Fireman: did not do that again, but I did it okay environment on in the base, we had found it, I thought I was, I found it while I was talking to you I believe i'm maybe I can at some point share my screen and you can see what what crazy thing is going on um.
Capstone Coach 1: No.
Karen Fireman: i'm just.
Capstone Coach 1: struggling okay well i'm going to show.
Capstone Coach 1: i'm going to go ahead and and let everyone, you can decide to leave or stay in, but i'm going to basically stop sharing my screen.
Capstone Coach 1: And we're going to go look i'm going to go look at Karen screen and we'll see what see what's going on there, thank you for attending tonight if you're leaving and i'll see you then next Tuesday, did you get the email about class next Tuesday.
Hermano Cardozo Ferreira: yeah.
Hermano Cardozo Ferreira: We do Thank you so much.
Capstone Coach 1: Just a reminder that the class is going to start on our later next Tuesday, and that also means that it's only a two hour class instead of three hour.
Shadi Kilani: Dr Jones are you going to be in city Center are you going to be at home.
Capstone Coach 1: i'll be at the city Center What happened was they scheduled a capstone review for the class I haven't met them at all, so this is a special, this is the first organizational meeting for the capstone 2022 people, and you know.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, so myra has a real problem scheduling everybody and juggling schedules and.
Capstone Coach 1: Anyway, didn't work out so we just decided that okay well we'll give you guys a break a little shorter class shorter assignment all that sort of thing it's fine with me, you know it's all right so that's what's going on.
Shadi Kilani: as well.
Capstone Coach 1: i'll be on i'll be a chef probably will be online, but from six to seven in the city Center those of you like Jim if you want to come to the city Center i'll be there.
Capstone Coach 1: from six to seven but i'll be sequestered somewhere online.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay.
Capstone Coach 1: Hopefully.
Joanna Fritz: Regions and I have a question about the homework.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah sure.
Joanna Fritz: So just for clarification and it says that you want us to.
Joanna Fritz: See you want us to be able to click on the stock sob which is not listed in the screenshot that you have so did you want us to add it or replace one of the options and that menu or doesn't matter.
Capstone Coach 1: i'm not sure I didn't understand the question john can you do that again okay.
Joanna Fritz: um yeah so at the bottom of the assignment, it says show what happens when you click on the stock s LV.
Joanna Fritz: m, and this is not listed among the favorites so.
Joanna Fritz: So I don't think that it's listed.
Capstone Coach 1: Unless if I misunderstand no.
Capstone Coach 1: No, no, there yeah it's clear type it in and click and show what happens.
Joanna Fritz: Okay, so you don't want us to.
Capstone Coach 1: reply I don't want it in the favorite list.
Joanna Fritz: Okay okay.
Capstone Coach 1: that's that I wanted I wanted you to show okay does this also works if you put in a regular stock.
Joanna Fritz: I see okay got it.
Capstone Coach 1: Another stock the favorite Daddy of the favorite list is that if you're an investor, there are four or five or six or so stocks that maybe purchase and you want to follow.
Capstone Coach 1: And or you're thinking about purchasing, then you want to follow on a regular basis and, but I still want to make sure that the gui works for any other stock.
Capstone Coach 1: that's the idea.
Joanna Fritz: Okay perfect thanks so much.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay okay thanks jonah.
Capstone Coach 1: All right, yeah i'm sorry about this, this is audio thing I don't know what's going on, I my hearing is getting worse or it's just certain frequencies, so it seemed to be a problem, but you might make sure you're not too close to your mind when you're talking and it helps.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, all right so Karen.
Karen Fireman: yeah i'll cheering okay.
Okay.
Karen Fireman: Do you see my screen.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, yes, I can, yes, I can see that it's over here.
Karen Fireman: So i'm.
Karen Fireman: base.
Karen Fireman: And down here.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah you're good it's I saw it.
Karen Fireman: Live yeah yeah.
Karen Fireman: All right.
Capstone Coach 1: let's go let's go to spider.
Karen Fireman: Okay i'm in spider.
Capstone Coach 1: let's shut it down.
Capstone Coach 1: Sure, stop it.
Karen Fireman: And been doing it i'll do it again now do I need to get out of the um.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah get out of there OK now go back to it now go back to anaconda yeah.
Karen Fireman: You know rerun it.
Capstone Coach 1: Wait a okay yeah yeah.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah, so I would just check it and make sure you're on the base environment when you log yeah.
Karen Fireman: i'm still here, these are some old files like this press cancel okay.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay.
Karen Fireman: By the way, thank you for your help, I don't know why this isn't working OK, so now i'm in the i'm in the same set of files I closed again but i'm so this one was where we were.
Capstone Coach 1: But I can get can you yeah all right hey hang on right there.
Capstone Coach 1: Why does it say coupon say.
Karen Fireman: I just I renamed it so if I made any changes I could go back to the one that you had given us, I can I can do it something else I just only thing I added was the API that's your key I added it down wherever it is and that's the only change, I made to it, but I can go back.
Karen Fireman: let's go back to.
Capstone Coach 1: Yours let's go back to the.
Karen Fireman: file hold on one second um so it was um.
Karen Fireman: I forgot the name.
Capstone Coach 1: met live.
Karen Fireman: QA right this one.
Capstone Coach 1: Right, oh no, no, no.
Capstone Coach 1: Go to my.
Capstone Coach 1: blog template that one oh yeah yeah okay okay run that one it doesn't run.
Karen Fireman: here's the air.
Capstone Coach 1: hang on hang on a second.
Karen Fireman: should make it bigger.
Capstone Coach 1: Do right there where you have the the number two.
Capstone Coach 1: And you arrived Python window type in condo.
Capstone Coach 1: list.
Capstone Coach 1: period yeah we just live that's fine, just like that.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay scroll up to that blog.
Karen Fireman: it's not there.
I got.
Karen Fireman: It says base and then some other one doesn't say anything.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah that's fine okay let's go back to your code and go back to that error statement again.
Karen Fireman: Okay, I forgot how to get out of oh.
Capstone Coach 1: i'll just scroll up.
Karen Fireman: Okay.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah no module.
Karen Fireman: And it's.
Karen Fireman: wise line.
Karen Fireman: This line here.
Karen Fireman: You guys do something weird.
Swanson J, Charles Richard: Oh.
Karen Fireman: What tell me oh.
Karen Fireman: Why are you running Python 3.76.
Karen Fireman: I don't know it's.
Karen Fireman: about you.
Swanson J, Charles Richard: Know maybe I don't know no much it's probably not yet.
Capstone Coach 1: well.
Karen Fireman: You think that matt plot line is really in a lot of the pythons I mean you really would think so available.
Wright, Elizabeth Harrison: Is that line run by itself, if you were to just run that was.
Karen Fireman: right here sure.
Karen Fireman: nope.
Wright, Elizabeth Harrison: Okay.
Good question.
Karen Fireman: We type that line and I maybe there's like a weird character in there.
Capstone Coach 1: And you've you already tried routers you know with anaconda shutting down and restart it right do.
Karen Fireman: It again.
Karen Fireman: and take that long okay i'm just i'm just getting rid of this in case there's weird unprintable or something.
Karen Fireman: Just change the.
Capstone Coach 1: Show.
Karen Fireman: The other things up here, maybe there's something.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, I go down to number four there in your ear iPod on their fine.
Capstone Coach 1: Type in Canada.
Karen Fireman: over here.
Capstone Coach 1: install.
Capstone Coach 1: matt bhagwan yeah.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah.
Karen Fireman: don't need the pipeline.
Karen Fireman: actually did do that earlier in the terminal but not here, I didn't think i'm doing it here.
Capstone Coach 1: or should it should basically.
Karen Fireman: He says it's already installed.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay type into your window here import.
Capstone Coach 1: math on live dot yeah P, why plot as feel yeah right though.
Karen Fireman: Well, have I import all the map plot, I mean what what's wrong with it it's weird.
Capstone Coach 1: Take on just say, important that spotlight yeah like that.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah yes please.
Karen Fireman: it's weird because it just sits there and says it's installed.
Capstone Coach 1: While you're in your youth you typed in the whole thing it didn't run just number three see the light yellow line now I don't know what.
Karen Fireman: I just did this um.
Capstone Coach 1: I don't know what happened, try to go guys still doing it.
Karen Fireman: Okay, women, let me just type it okay I didn't type it, let me just make.
sure.
Capstone Coach 1: Well wow.
Karen Fireman: You saw me typing.
Capstone Coach 1: It would.
Capstone Coach 1: So it's not even doing what you're asking it to do, in other words you're just asking it just import the library by itself right.
Karen Fireman: So why not why wouldn't do that.
Capstone Coach 1: And instead it's it's going back to the others statement so.
Karen Fireman: i'm interested to Colonel again.
Capstone Coach 1: You know, do well.
Capstone Coach 1: You should be able, just to say important matt plots live by itself, and this should not get any.
Karen Fireman: I literally just typed it in.
Capstone Coach 1: It could be that may be.
Capstone Coach 1: P white blood is a method is if it's a add into math pod live and maybe somehow it has gotten.
Capstone Coach 1: damaged.
Swanson J, Charles Richard: say what.
Swanson J, Charles Richard: Karen you are coming out important matt plot lab is pipeline and and just replace it with that import a map plot.
Karen Fireman: He wants star just by itself.
Swanson J, Charles Richard: Just by itself, and then highlight that line and execute that line.
Karen Fireman: I didn't.
Capstone Coach 1: see his spider is not behaving the way it's supposed to be.
Karen Fireman: So can I like get rid of it and start over again is that what I should.
Capstone Coach 1: be no I.
Capstone Coach 1: wouldn't know I think you're gonna have to reinstall spider.
Karen Fireman: Well, if I reinstalled let me.
Karen Fireman: just see.
Capstone Coach 1: me right now what's what version of spider are you running.
i'm not sure.
Capstone Coach 1: If you go by yeah.
Karen Fireman: One 4.0 point one.
Okay.
Capstone Coach 1: go up to the last wheel there to the right upper right since let you know, the one that said this one yeah that one update application.
Wright, Elizabeth Harrison: yeah cuz i'm running 4.1 point three right now.
Karen Fireman: Okay.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah we all are running a newer version.
Karen Fireman: See, but this one, you want this one or the or newer.
Capstone Coach 1: Just try that well since we all are running I think I think my version, let me see what my version is hang on.
Karen Fireman: works right yes.
Capstone Coach 1: i'm ready for one for.
Capstone Coach 1: But.
Capstone Coach 1: Now I don't know how long this is going to take, but I think you're I think some reason, there are some key files inside of anaconda that control this sort of behavior, and so it looks to me like somehow some of your files might have gotten whacked or something like that.
Capstone Coach 1: Maybe it's a bug within spider it could that that's also possible but upgrading spider to a newer version I think will be probably solve your problem, but I.
know.
Capstone Coach 1: What you're showing us just doesn't.
Karen Fireman: doesn't make sense to.
Karen Fireman: get out of this It just seems like an infinite loop.
Swanson J, Charles Richard: don't do that.
Karen Fireman: No okay oh.
Karen Fireman: You want to quit no I won't.
Capstone Coach 1: see that doing what you're gonna do yeah.
Capstone Coach 1: it'd be right, how this got definitely.
Karen Fireman: Oh well, I thought okay women um I didn't do that earlier um.
Swanson J, Charles Richard: yeah but what happens is only part of it.
Karen Fireman: yeah exactly so we.
Karen Fireman: Did that earlier, is there a way to undo the damage whenever.
Swanson J, Charles Richard: I re installing the whole package and letting it do its thing it will.
Swanson J, Charles Richard: Take care of it.
Capstone Coach 1: You notice, one of the options was to remove the package, and so you may need to remove it, and then and then reinstall it.
Karen Fireman: right here, right there.
Swanson J, Charles Richard: yeah, but I would.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah I would go get some coffee care and just chill out.
Karen Fireman: redo.
Capstone Coach 1: The whole anaconda you'd like to cheerlead take can you chill out there and.
Karen Fireman: it's more.
Capstone Coach 1: tense.
Karen Fireman: So sorry.
Capstone Coach 1: Very go get some tea non caffeinated tea.
Karen Fireman: Okay.
Capstone Coach 1: All right, here we have an obvious good.
Karen Fireman: So yeah but i'm just wondering if I if I need to if I somehow in in trying to stop it in the middle of it's doing its thing um.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah you could damage.
Karen Fireman: Your it what what what way would I redo anaconda I mean, is it likely anaconda not just spiders that likely anacondas messed up.
Capstone Coach 1: No, but all and kind of doing is it's like a rapper for all these applications right here, you actually have spider installed as a separate APP I least found my machine, if you look at if I look at my Apps i'll see as a spider today, and my list of Apps I think when we check.
right here.
Capstone Coach 1: No, I don't I don't have spider as a separate APP but.
Karen Fireman: This do anything for me.
Swanson J, Charles Richard: yeah yeah no yeah.
Karen Fireman: Not doing it now i'm just wondering will see these blue things come up like it's in an infinite loop like it's never it's never ending I mean it's it's so I can I can actually.
Swanson J, Charles Richard: Teach programming not magic.
Karen Fireman: Oh.
Karen Fireman: Well, when I when I busted it out before I never knew you couldn't I always thought you were supposed to because sometimes it'll do this for like 20 minutes.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah.
Karen Fireman: it's not I mean there's no way I can never turn that off and never.
Capstone Coach 1: know you can do you can turn it off, but you probably then going to have to remove the application and then install it again.
Karen Fireman: The anaconda you.
Capstone Coach 1: Know spider.
Karen Fireman: And how do I do that if I need to do that.
Capstone Coach 1: Go to the go to your anaconda window account.
Karen Fireman: over here.
Capstone Coach 1: I don't see you sharing the screen anymore, by the way.
Karen Fireman: Oh okay wait a minute.
Karen Fireman: I thought I was i'll stop and i'll start again stop share.
Karen Fireman: and share.
Capstone Coach 1: At least I don't see your screen anybody else hairspray.
Karen Fireman: Here we go see it.
You see.
Karen Fireman: Okay.
Karen Fireman: So it knows think sometimes goes forever So if I.
Karen Fireman: If I go back.
Capstone Coach 1: To the homepage and anaconda.
Karen Fireman: yeah So if I need to get rid of this and redo and how do I do it do I do from here.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, wait a second wait, there is a cancel button or something like that.
Capstone Coach 1: huh.
Capstone Coach 1: You go to file quit on anaconda.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah quit.
Karen Fireman: that's okay.
Karen Fireman: Right.
Capstone Coach 1: And then started now restart it.
Karen Fireman: right here.
Karen Fireman: Yes, I do it as an administrator.
Capstone Coach 1: know just for yeah it's fun.
Karen Fireman: it's regular okay.
yeah.
Karen Fireman: I think it's like five times during class well, I mean during the QA while you were going through stuff.
Karen Fireman: crazy so so okay so.
Capstone Coach 1: Now go up to the little black wheel on spider.
Karen Fireman: Okay, to shake do something with this first.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, and don't show again.
Karen Fireman: Whatever Now this is says there's a new version of anaconda should I put this in.
Capstone Coach 1: Not right now, no.
Karen Fireman: Okay now remind me later.
Karen Fireman: Right it's not list.
Karen Fireman: Here we go okay.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, good like will.
Capstone Coach 1: Remove.
Karen Fireman: Oh great idea like it.
Capstone Coach 1: And then.
Karen Fireman: And then, how do I tell it to put it back in.
Capstone Coach 1: So the first thing I do is shut this down and we and an update your anaconda it may fix it.
Karen Fireman: Oh okay if.
Capstone Coach 1: You remember that little thing that says do an update.
Karen Fireman: Yes, update.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, so just shut it down and then I do an update on avocado when you do that update chances are spider is going to come back down.
Karen Fireman: If it doesn't how do I get it back.
Capstone Coach 1: Well i'm not sure.
Capstone Coach 1: i've never done this, but there should be something on any kind of that lets you re install or installs, what do you think Charles.
Swanson J, Charles Richard: yeah.
Capstone Coach 1: you're the you're the man with jim's got a head on, to so.
Capstone Coach 1: I don't know.
Swanson J, Charles Richard: I was I didn't finish show moving spider than reinstall the.
Swanson J, Charles Richard: anaconda then after she's done that.
Swanson J, Charles Richard: message me.
Swanson J, Charles Richard: discord know Oh, I hope you.
Karen Fireman: Thank you, Charles I really appreciate it i'm sorry for the trouble.
Swanson J, Charles Richard: Oh no, no, no problems people helped me.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay guys.
Capstone Coach 1: What do you see no.
Oh.
Karen Fireman: yeah I want to get to the real work, thank you.
Karen Fireman: tonight.
Jim Clark: Can I think Dr Jones if you have two minutes I was gonna ask you.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay okay sure.
Jim Clark: So, can you hear me okay.
Capstone Coach 1: Well yeah fine.
Jim Clark: So this has nothing to do with the help section.
Jim Clark: and
Capstone Coach 1: i'm going to stop the recording.
Jim Clark: Yes, stop the recording.
Capstone Coach 1: somewhere around here recording stop.
Karen Fireman: Do you need me to get off Jim i'm sorry is this.